# Cryome
 
## About
This is a website for a local business that I am working on after work and on the weekends. You can see the original website [here](https://www.cryome.com) and you can see how my website currently looks like [here](https://kmorilla.github.io/Cryome/index.html). It will have a homepage, a services page with more details on their services, and a pricing page. I am using Adobe XD to design it so I can quickly make adjustments and have the client see them on the fly (they also have been changing their mind a lot with the design so I'm glad I went this route lol). I will be using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap 4, Razor pages, Asp.NET MVC, and SQL Server. I will first make the website static, that way they can have something up and running as I create the backend and make it dynamic. My goal is to have an admin login page where they can easily add or remove services, change the information on the services, add or remove therapists, change their prices, and have a promo option that allows them to quickly change their prices for the promotion and then revert them back to the original price with just a click of a button. The issues they were having with their website is that they didn't know how to update their website as no one there knows how to write code. So, I wanted to solve this problem by building something that is easy and simple for them to understand so they can update their website without me and without having to write any code.

## Challenges
#### I am still working on this website so I will be updating this as I work through it
* My main challenge has been in designing the website. I have never designed a website and their previous website didn’t have much for me to base off of. I came up with ideas by looking at different web designs and grabbing what I liked here and there. I’d then show the product to the client, get their input, make the adjustments, and repeat the process until they were satisfied. 

* Another challenge I had was when I tried to adjust how the widget in the Reviews section looked. They use the Mind and Body app and website and through there, there is a widget you can build and paste in your code using an iframe. I didn’t know that you couldn’t make changes to an external iframe, so I spent too much time trying to manipulate it with JavaScript and jQuery just to find out that it’s impossible due to privacy laws. So, I ended up only changing the background, font color, and whatever is around it.
